# Kerlock Homes

Welcome to the Kerlock Homes repository! Kerlock Homes is an innovative and
modular program designed to safeguard the kernel while encompassing the diverse
realms of user-space and home directories. _wink_

## About Kerlock Homes

The name "Kerlock Homes" embodies the core function of this program: securing
the kernel to keep it free from malicious attacks. The term "Kerlock" signifies
the act of locking up the kernel for its own good, defending it against
potential threats. However, "Homes" within the name carries multiple layers of
meaning. Firstly, it represents the user-space environment, which is the
dwelling place of various processes and applications. Kerlock Homes ensures the
safety and integrity of this user-space "home," maintaining a secure computing
environment. Additionally, "Homes" alludes to the home folders of users—those
personal spaces where important files and data reside. Kerlock Homes extends its
protective capabilities to these crucial user directories, fortifying them
against any potential breaches. Finally, "Homes" symbolizes the program as a
residence for multiple anti-malicious eBPF components. Each module within
Kerlock Homes contributes to the holistic defense against eBPF-based threats,
forming an integrated and interconnected system.

## Repository Structure

This repository contains the modular components of Kerlock HOmes. Each module
focuses on a specific aspect of securing the kernel, user-space protection, or
fortifying home folders. You'll find detailed documentation for each
module(hopefully), including installation guides, usage examples, and
contribution guidelines.

```
Kerlock-Homes/
├── src/
├── tests/
├── docs/
├── LICENSE
└── README.md
```

## Contribution

Welcoming contributions from the open-source community. If you have ideas,
improvements or additional modules to enhance the capabilities of Kerlock Homes,
please feel free to submit pull requists.
